Fix notation, formulas and cites in scalars in Background section (#178)
chhoumann/thesis-chemcam: report_thesis/src/sections/background/preprocessing/max_abs.tex

Max absolute scaling is a normalization technique that scales each feature individually so that the maximum absolute value of each feature is 1.
This results in the data being normalized to a range between -1 and 1.
The formula for max absolute scaling is given by:

$$
x'_i = \frac{x_i}{\max(|\mathbf{x}|)},
$$

where $x_i$ is the original feature value, $\max(|\mathbf{x}|)$ is the maximum absolute value of the feature vector $\mathbf{x}$, and $x'_i$ is the normalized feature value.

> This scaling method is useful for data that has been centered at zero or data that is sparse, as max absolute scaling does not center the data.

Reviewer: You've addressed that it is useful for data that has been centered, because it does not center the data, but I feel like you are missing the point about why its useful for sparse data. IIRC its because it doesnt introduce values in places where there is a 0.

> This scaling method is useful for data that has been centered at zero or data that is sparse, as max absolute scaling does not center the data.

Reviewer: I feel like these two sentences are a little disconnected.
```suggestion
Max absolute scaling does not center the data and maintains the sparsity of the data by not introducing non-zero values in the zero entries of the data~\cite{Vasques2024}.
This makes it useful for data that has not been centered or data that is sparse.
```

Suggestion on deleting line 12 to accommodate this.

> It maintains the sparsity of the data by not introducing non-zero values in the zero entries of the data~\cite{Vasques2024}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
